Fix offset tracker to build binaries for go stdlib as well (#256)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go-instrumentation: CHANGELOG.md

- Update generated offsets. ([#186](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go-instrumentation/pull/186))
- Reduce Docker image size by using different base image. ([#182](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go-instrumentation/pull/182))
- Support for multiple processes in BPF FS. ([#211](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go-instrumentation/pull/211))

> - Fix offset tracker to build binaries for go stdlib as well. DownloadBinary() now has an additional flag indicating whether it'll build a dummy app for go stdlib or not - this will cause a different go.mod file to be used. ([#256]https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go-instrumentation/pull/256)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The function signature of `"go.opentelemetry.io/auto/offsets-tracker/downloader".DownloadBinary` has changed.
  It now has an additional flag indicating whether it'll build a dummy app for Go stdlib packages or not. ([#256]https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go-instrumentation/pull/256)
- The function signature of `"go.opentelemetry.io/auto/offsets-tracker/target".New` has changed.
  It now accepts a flag to determine if the returned `Data` is from the Go stdlib or not. ([#256]https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go-instrumentation/pull/256)

### Fixed

- The offset tracker can once again build binaries for the Go stdlib. ([#256]https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go-instrumentation/pull/256)
```

Reviewer: The changes still need to be moved to the unreleased section.

Author: Done
